well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so yesterday was that day
yesterday was that day that that
anniversary that nobody really
celebrates but we all kind of mark we we
definitely acknowledge that it happened
a lot of things have changed since then
and it depends on how old you are what
you were doing at the time your
political beliefs on how you view those
changes a group of people intent on
destroying the very foundation of the
United States intent on subverting
America's great experiment the
democratic process they laid in ambush
they laid in wait in North Carolina I'm
talking about that what happened in 2001
talk about what happened yesterday while
the governor and a lot of Democrats were
literally at a 9/11 Memorial House
Republicans in North Carolina attempted
to push through a veto override of the
budget they did it then because they
knew they wouldn't have the votes any
other way they went out of their way to
subvert the democratic process they went
out of their way to ignore the will of
the people of North Carolina and I know
that's that's a bold claim there I mean
they maybe they just made a mistake in
2017 the voting districts in North
Carolina were struck down by the Supreme
Court because they were gerrymandered
twice in 2018 the new ones they got
struck down by the state court the first
time they were racially gerrymandered
the second time they were by party
the Republicans in North Carolina have a
long and sordid history of doing
everything they can to maintain power
rather than respect the will of the
people it is what it is it's what it's
what they've done for a very very long
time and it's what they attempted to do
yesterday and well I guess they did that
they passed it through the house now the
only reason we really probably know
about this because something like this
is it's North Carolina you know in North
Carolina is a crooked state and to be
honest I've never seen anything this
crooked in my entire life and I lived in
Alabama but the only reason this really
made headlines was because one woman Deb
Butler lost her mind
on the House floor and I say that as a
compliment if you get the chance to
watch her her attempt to stop this sham
attempt to stop this outright attack on
democracy definitely bill it definitely
do it she had a mouth full my favorite
part was when she went off with our
cowardice but yep so that's what
happened and what you're watching is the
death of a majority you're watching the
Republican Party die in North Carolina
because the new districts hopefully
they'll be fair and that 2% when they're
all clamoring and clapping about that
occurred during that special election
yeah that's going to evaporate when the
districts aren't gerrymandered and they
know it they know it
and I know some people are going to have
problem with me comparing them to those
who perpetrated the 9/11 attacks and it
is an unfair comparison I will give you
that because only a politician actually
has the power to destroy the foundations
of this country
no outside attacker can do that these
representatives are more dangerous than
any terrorist anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night